Grammar nit-picking (#66)
tc39/proposal-iterator.range: compare.md

| Haskell            | `[start,next_element_to_infer_step..to]`                                   |
| F#                 | `seq { start .. step .. to }`                                              |

> Haskell: The `[start..to]` syntax produces a list. Due to lazy evaluation of Haskell, its range semantics is different from most languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Haskell: The `[start..to]` syntax produces a list. Due to lazy evaluation in Haskell, its range semantics are different from most languages.
```

Define:

-   Iterator: Similar to ES iterator protocol
-   Iterable: Similar to ES objects with `[Symbol.iterator]` (e.g. has a `__iter__()` method)

> -   Non-Lazy: The range generates value in a non-lazy way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Non-Lazy: The range generates values in a non-lazy way
```

> -   Own: The range has it's own class / struct / ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Own: The range has its own class / struct / ...
```

> -   Instantiation: The range doesn't have it's own class, instead, it is implementing a more generic type like `StrideTo<int>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Instantiation: The range doesn't have its own class, instead, it is implementing a more generic type like `StrideTo<int>`
```
